[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[tomanage-erp.adminjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/admin.json
source_file = locales/fr/admin.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.bankjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/bank.json
source_file = locales/fr/bank.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.buyjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/buy.json
source_file = locales/fr/buy.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.categoriesjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/categories.json
source_file = locales/fr/categories.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.commercialjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/commercial.json
source_file = locales/fr/commercial.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.companiesjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/companies.json
source_file = locales/fr/companies.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.comptajson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/compta.json
source_file = locales/fr/compta.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.contractsjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/contracts.json
source_file = locales/fr/contracts.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.dictjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/dict.json
source_file = locales/fr/dict.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.eshopjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/eshop.json
source_file = locales/fr/eshop.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.leadsjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/leads.json
source_file = locales/fr/leads.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.mailsjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/mails.json
source_file = locales/fr/mails.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.mainjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/main.json
source_file = locales/fr/main.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.ordersjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/orders.json
source_file = locales/fr/orders.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.productsjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/products.json
source_file = locales/fr/products.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.sendingsjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/sendings.json
source_file = locales/fr/sendings.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.stocksjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/stocks.json
source_file = locales/fr/stocks.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.suppliersjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/suppliers.json
source_file = locales/fr/suppliers.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.tasksjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/tasks.json
source_file = locales/fr/tasks.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.ticketjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/ticket.json
source_file = locales/fr/ticket.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

[tomanage-erp.usersjson]
file_filter = locales/<lang>/users.json
source_file = locales/fr/users.json
source_lang = fr
type = KEYVALUEJSON

